OSDOCS-10369:Add info on CPMS to OSD/ROSA docs. (#78165)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cpmso-feat-auto-update.adoc

Reviewer: I notice that the ROSA/OSD content and OCP content have no overlap except the title of the module. To avoid issues maintaining this content, could you put all of the ROSA/OSD content in a single ifdef section, and leave all the OCP content as it was but surround it by ifndefs (to exclude from ROSA/OSD)? i.e.:

```
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cpmso-feat-auto-update_{context}"]
= Automatic updates to the control plane configuration

//Not for ROSA/OSD:
ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
<contents of the module as it already existed, no changes>
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

//For ROSA/OSD:
ifdef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
<all the ROSA/OSD stuff>
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
```

Author: Thanks @jeana-redhat. Will do.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-managing-machines.adoc
// * rosa/architecture/control-plane.adoc
// * osd/architecture/control-plane.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "control-plane"]
:rosa-classic:
:osd:
endif::[]

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cpmso-feat-auto-update_{context}"]
= Automatic updates to the control plane configuration
//Not for ROSA/OSD:
ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
The `RollingUpdate` update strategy automatically propagates changes to your control plane configuration.
This update strategy is the default configuration for the control plane machine set.

For clusters that use the `RollingUpdate` update strategy, the Operator creates a replacement control plane machine with the configuration that is specified in the CR.

> When the replacement control plane machine is ready, the Operator deletes the control plane machine that is marked for replacement because the machine is either out of spec or in an unhealthy state.

Reviewer: This still has the changed verbiage, original is:
```suggestion
When the replacement control plane machine is ready, the Operator deletes the control plane machine that is marked for replacement.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-managing-machines.adoc
// * rosa/architecture/control-plane.adoc
// * osd/architecture/control-plane.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "control-plane"]
:rosa-classic:
:osd:
endif::[]

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cpmso-feat-auto-update_{context}"]
= Automatic updates to the control plane configuration
//Not for ROSA/OSD:
ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
The `RollingUpdate` update strategy automatically propagates changes to your control plane configuration.
This update strategy is the default configuration for the control plane machine set.

> For clusters that use the `RollingUpdate` update strategy, the Operator creates a replacement control plane machine with the configuration that is specified in the CR.
> 
> When the replacement control plane machine is ready, the Operator deletes the control plane machine that is marked for replacement because the machine is either out of spec or in an unhealthy state.
> The replacement machine then joins the control plane.

Reviewer: This should [stay unchanged](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-managing-machines.html#cpmso-feat-auto-update_cpmso-managing-machines) in the self-managed version (single paragraph, same verbiage):
```suggestion
For clusters that use the `RollingUpdate` update strategy, the Operator creates a replacement control plane machine with the configuration that is specified in the CR.
When the replacement control plane machine is ready, the Operator deletes the control plane machine that is marked for replacement.
The replacement machine then joins the control plane.
```

//
// * machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-managing-machines.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "control-plane"]
:rosa-classic:
:osd:
endif::[]

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cpmso-feat-auto-update_{context}"]
= Automatic updates to the control plane configuration
//Not for ROSA/OSD:
ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
The `RollingUpdate` update strategy automatically propagates changes to your control plane configuration.
This update strategy is the default configuration for the control plane machine set.
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
//For ROSA:
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
On ROSA (classic architecture) clusters, control plane machine sets automatically propagate changes to your control plane configuration.

> The Control Plane Machine Set Operator creates a replacement control plane machine with the configuration that is specified in the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` CR. The Operator replaces control plane machines in a way that mitigates any potential negative effects on cluster API or workload availability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a control plane machine needs to be replaced, the Control Plane Machine Set Operator creates a replacement machine based on the configuration specified by the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` CR. Once the new control plane machine is ready, the Operator safely drains and terminates the old control plane machine in a way that mitigates any potential negative effects on cluster API or workload availability.
```

endif::openshift-rosa[]
//For OSD:
ifdef::openshift-dedicated[]
On {product-title} clusters, the control plane machine sets automatically propagate changes to your control plane configuration.

> The Control Plane Machine Set Operator creates a replacement control plane machine with the configuration that is specified in the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` CR. The Operator replaces control plane machines in a way that mitigates any potential negative effects on cluster API or workload availability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a control plane machine needs to be replaced, the Control Plane Machine Set Operator creates a replacement machine based on the configuration specified by the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` CR. Once the new control plane machine is ready, the Operator safely drains and terminates the old control plane machine in a way that mitigates any potential negative effects on cluster API or workload availability.
```
(same as above)

endif::openshift-dedicated[]
//Not for ROSA/OSD:
ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

For clusters that use the `RollingUpdate` update strategy, the Operator creates a replacement control plane machine with the configuration that is specified in the CR.
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
//Anything not enclosed in an ifdef or ifndef prints for everyone:

> When the replacement control plane machine is ready, the Operator deletes the control plane machine that is marked for replacement because the machine is either out of spec or in an unhealthy state.
> The replacement machine then joins the control plane.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A control plane machine may be marked for replacement at any time, typically because the machine has fallen out of spec or entered an unhealthy state. Such replacements are a normal part of a cluster's lifecycle and not a cause for concern. Should any part of a control plane node replacement fail, SRE will be alerted to the issue automatically.
```
I'm trying to highlight to customers that they need not be worried (nor open a support ticket) when they see these nodes get replaced.
```

If multiple control plane machines are marked for replacement, the Operator protects etcd health during replacement by repeating this replacement process one machine at a time until it has replaced each machine.

ifdef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
[NOTE]
====

> You cannot request that control plane machine replacements happen only during maintenance windows. The Control Plane Machine Set Operator acts to ensure cluster stability. Waiting for a maintenance window could result in cluster stability being compromised.

Reviewer 2: This is great; thanks for highlighting this

Reviewer 3: big plus one haha ;)

endif::openshift-dedicated[]
//Not for ROSA/OSD:
ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

For clusters that use the `RollingUpdate` update strategy, the Operator creates a replacement control plane machine with the configuration that is specified in the CR.

When the replacement control plane machine is ready, the Operator deletes the control plane machine that is marked for replacement because the machine is either out of spec or in an unhealthy state.
The replacement machine then joins the control plane.

If multiple control plane machines are marked for replacement, the Operator protects etcd health during replacement by repeating this replacement process one machine at a time until it has replaced each machine.
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

ifdef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
A control plane machine can be marked for replacement at any time, typically because the machine has fallen out of spec or entered an unhealthy state. Such replacements are a normal part of a cluster's lifecycle and not a cause for concern. SRE will be alerted to the issue automatically if any part of a control plane node replacement fails.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 4: Try and avoid stacked admonitions:

![Screenshot from 2024-07-05 14-10-41](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/3c99b035-4b3a-47c4-a01d-38c8096490ee)

Reviewer 4: Maybe move the important admonition closer to the top where it would hold more value?

Author: > Maybe move the important admonition closer to the top where it would hold more value?

Thanks @dfitzmau. I did think of doing this but thought the information in the first admonition was better placed after the opening paragraph but you're right, they don't look great stacked on top of each other. I will revisit this!
